---
layout: post
title:  NYT - Is a Disney Theme Park Vacation Still Worth the Price
date:   2024-07-25 09:00:00
description: format of md post
tags: writing volunteer
categories: writing
hidden: false
---

### Is a Disney Theme Park Vacation Still Worth the Price?

What’s up? Well, let’s see: inflation, gas prices – wait, even Disney prices? It feels like the universe is playing a cruel game of "How high can we go?" and forgot to hit the brakes, leaving nothing untouched. Even the "happiest place on earth" isn't immune, and the price tag for a Disney vacation paints a pretty clear picture. The magic isn’t gone, but it’s certainly more expensive. Now you need a small fortune just to afford the privilege of waiting in line for overpriced churros!

This summer, I decided to take the plunge and visit the infamous Disneyland. Let me tell you, it was like stepping into a fairy tale—if that fairy tale came with a price tag that could make Cinderella faint. As soon as I entered the park, I decided to grab lunch, and it felt like  I had to trade a kidney for a grilled cheese and tomato soup. The worst part? It wasn’t even good! I felt queasy for at least half an hour after that atrocious meal.

And then there were the lines. Waiting for rides at Disney is like playing a game of “Will it ever end?” Even after I finally caved and bought the Genie pass, I barely managed to get on any rides all day. On the bright side, I did get to experience the magic—just in the form of the magical emptying of my bank account. Yet, despite all my complaints, Disney die-hards keep coming back. So, if I had another chance to go to Disney, would I ? Absolutely! It’s a love-hate relationship that continues to thrive, even if it now costs a small fortune to experience that famous Disney magic.



