---
layout: post
title:  NYT - Before the Olympics
date:   2024-07-20 09:00:00
description: format of md post
tags: formatting links
categories: NYT
hidden: false
---

### Before the Olympics, the Fabulous French Fashion Flex

My recent readings have centered around the topics of the Olympics in France this year. After listening to my French teacher passionately lecture for a full two weeks on “Les jeux olympiques,” I have learned that France has really gone above and beyond for this event, and it’s incredible to see how they incorporated so many aspects of their culture and landmarks into it. They even went so far as to clean out the entire Seine for the Olympic swimming competitions! Their adorable mascot is designed off of the Phrygian cap, which has been a symbol of freedom throughout French history, spreading French culture and values to the rest of the world through unique and captivating methods. 

That is why I was so intrigued when I saw the fashion trends of France and how they managed to show that off before the Olympics. In the past, I’ve seen enough negative comments online about fashion being outrageously ridiculous to not hold high hopes for this article. This article showed me that, much like many contemporary art pieces, fashion has meanings behind it and often provides commentary on many aspects of life. While many may mention the impracticality of these clothes, this art form represents French designers' creativity. Much like the mascot representing ideas of France, the artistic design of the clothing created in France shares culture in similar ways. In a unique time such as the Olympics, fashion, as an icon of France, is an effective way to bring together many different countries with diverse cultures, much like other forms of art. Therefore, while many see the Olympics to be a competition among countries around the world, unity plays a much larger role in representing the true, intended spirit of the Olympics. This summer in Paris, fashion and art will find their way into creating such unity.

