---
layout: post
title:  NYT - The Founders Saw This Insane Political Moment Coming 237 Years Ago
date:   2024-07-23 09:00:00
description: format of md post
tags: writing volunteer
categories: writing
hidden: false
---


### The Founders Saw This Insane Political Moment Coming 237 Years Ago

While reading the NYT today, I was both surprised and excited. Having just endured a long APUSH class discussing the origins of America and its government, this article was a real eye-opener for me.  Ever wondered if today’s political chaos could be traced back to a sweltering summer in Philadelphia 237 years ago? This article - covers it all! Imagine the delegates, drenched in sweat and heatedly (haha get it?) debating whether the president should serve for life or just one term, all while Hamilton suggests turning the office into some kind of elective monarchy.

This article highlights the Founders' anxieties about the presidency—whether it was fears of monarchy or corruption—are just as relevant today. . For instance, the current political polarization and power struggles bear a striking resemblance to the debates in Philadelphia back then.The parallels between their historical struggles and our current political turbulence are both enlightening and entertaining. Many say history doesn’t repeat itself, but it does rhyme, and this saying fits perfectly into this scenario.

I think it’s incredible the Constitution is still alive and kicking after all these years. The amount of foresight required for that is incredible, being able to set guidelines for a whole country that will still apply years into the future. Just imagine doing that today! I can’t even imagine what the world would be like ten years from now, much less hundreds of years into the future. For all I know, the world could end tomorrow!

